Vulcanexus Galactic Gamble Documentation (#14)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/index.rst

while improving overall system performance. With *Vulcanexus*, users have fast access to constantly improving
functionalities, such as the latest *Fast DDS* version along with its new features.

*Vulcanexus* combinable elements are:

1. **VULCANEXUS-CORE**: a set of software libraries that enables users to build the most comprehensive and
   straightforward robotics application.
   Consists of eProsima *Fast DDS* and *ROS 2*.
2. **VULCANEXUS-TOOLS**: a set of features and applications which allows users to test, improve and configure the
   performance of *Vulcanexus* in their systems.
3. **VULCANEXUS-MICRO**: provides access for resource constrained devices (micro-controllers) to the DDS world, bridging
   the gap between them and *ROS 2*.
4. **VULCANEXUS-CLOUD**: scales and integrates *ROS 2* networks located in geographically spaced environments, and
   enables the deployment of DDS entities in the cloud in a quick and easy way.

*Vulcanexus* created a collection of downloadable packages that include useful combinations of the previously described
elements with *ROS 2*:

.. figure:: /rst/figures/intro/vulcanexus_packages_table.svg

> The following documentation describes each *Vulcanexus* package in more detail, its functionalities and its application
> to the users' system architecture.

Reviewer: This is not true right now. Either adding a note stating that the documentation is still under work or I suggest removing this sentence.

Another option is modifying to state what the documentation really details:

```suggestion
The following documentation describes how to install *Vulcanexus* packages, some tutorials to know how to get started, the supported platforms and releases.
```
